Smart Skills Documentation (#388)
hellohaptik/docs_haptik: docs/bot-builder/basic/smartskills.md

---
title: Introduction
---

## What are Smart Skills?

> SmartSkills are carefully curated, pre-designed, and highly intelligent conversational journeys. These are the starting point to designing journeys that provide end to end solutions to business problems and can be added to your IVAs within a few clicks. They are editable and can be tailored to suit your business processes and needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SmartSkills are carefully curated, pre-designed, and highly intelligent conversational journeys. This is the starting point to designing journeys that provide end to end solutions to business problems and can be added to your IVAs within a few clicks. They are editable and can be tailored to suit your business processes and needs.
```

Using SmartSkills in the IVA not only reduces development time, but also ensures that IVAs are more robust since they contain conversational UI using best design practices, pre-trained domain-specific intents, and demo APIs already integrated.

Haptik’s SmartSkills are focused on **three** major verticals -

> 1. 	E-commerce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. 	Ecommerce
```
